mother I know that there is no other
love than the love and mother has for
her child and I know that each day you
have proven to me just how much you love
me
when I have walked on hot coals you have
walked with me when my feet were
blistered from walking the road of life
you carried me in your womb and you
rebirth me again and help me to
transform into a beautiful butterfly
your creation my creation our creation
because you taught me how to create you
taught me that anything is possible you
taught me that I am powerful I can do
anything
and I can do anything because I have you
next to me supporting me standing next
to me helping me I am so grateful for
your love I'm so grateful for your light
and I'm so grateful for the times when
you cast shadows across the walls so
that I can find my way into the light by
creating light from nothing just from
myself you give me the best tests so
that I can be the best woman that I am
and I know that you'll always be beside
me and i hope i can do you proud but
always walking beside you
thank you